Release v1.22.0 (#164)
ReachFive/identity-web-core-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0), and this project adheres
to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

> ## [1.22.0] - 2022-02-22

Reviewer: Missing [Unreleased] empty block

Author: Il n'y a rien qui est unreleased.

Reviewer: C'est une convention

### Added 

> - Allow to enable/disable users' mfa email identifier with removeMfaEmail
> - Introduce `verifyMfaPasswordless` to complete an MFA passwordless flow
> - Add new functions:
>   - `verifyMfaEmailRegistration`
>   - `startMfaEmailRegistration`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Introduce `verifyMfaPasswordless` to complete an MFA passwordless flow
- Add new 2nd factor email identifier management functions:
  - `verifyMfaEmailRegistration`
  - `startMfaEmailRegistration`
  - `removeMfaEmail`
```

- Add an optional parameter `captchaToken` for captcha support in [signup](https://developer.reachfive.com/sdk-core/signup.html), [startPasswordless](https://developer.reachfive.com/sdk-core/startPasswordless.html) and [requestPasswordReset](https://developer.reachfive.com/sdk-core/requestPasswordReset.html)

### Changed

> - Support the step up form a fresh access token

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Support the step up from a fresh access token with function `getMfaStepUpToken`
```
